This repository contains Sluzzle, a sliding puzzle game for the Tandy
Color Computer 1 & 2, TDP-100, and other compatible machines.

The source code is available through Git, at the links available here:

        http://git.infradead.org/users/linville/sluzzle.git

This code is related to my "Stupid VDG Tricks" blog:

	http://vdgtricks.blogspot.com/

The game is simple -- after selecting a picture file, the picture
is scrambled in a (pseudo-)random fashion.  The player must then
manipulate blocks of the picture by moving them through an open block
one at a time in order to unscramble the picture.  When the picture
is unscrambled, the game is over -- but you can play as many times
as you like, with no quarters necessary!

The game starts with a simple menu for selecting the picture.  After
the picture is selected, a guide to the game controls is displayed
while the picture is loaded.  You can return to that control guide
at any time by typing '?'.  Also available (by typing 'h') is a hint
facility that unscrambles the picture temporarily.  Block movement
is available by typing 'i', 'j', 'k', and 'l' (respectively for up,
left, down, and right).  Pressing any key starts the game or resumes
it after a hint or a peek at the control guide, and pressing the
BREAK key ends the game.

Control Guide

  ? - Control Guide

  H - Show Hint

  I - Move Lower Block Up
  K - Move Upper Block Down
  J - Move Block Right to Left
  L - Move Block Left to Right

  BREAK ends current game

Pictures must be in the Sluzzle format and must carry a SLZ extension
for SLUZZLE.BAS to recognize them on the disk.  One might convert
and display their own pictures for Sluzzle using the tools provided
in the Git repoitory shown above.

By default, SLUZZLE.BAS assumes that pictures are on DRIVE 0.
The picture DRIVE can be selected through the OTHER OPTIONS menu,
option 10 in the picture selection menu.

I hope you enjoy Sluzzle -- may the odds be ever in your favor! :-)

John W. Linville
31 March 2013

P.S.  Sorry, PAL users -- this code only works w/ NTSC timings... :-(
